Hello! Thank you for downloading my mod, I hope you enjoy it. OldPartsRedux contains a massive amount of old parts, updated to 1.7.1! As of 0.8, OldPartsRedux has moved away from my ZIP-within-a-ZIP config setup, instead incorporating everything into one zip, hopefully making it CKAN and AVC compatible. Also, the latest version of OldPartsRedux contains classic editions of all the parts changed in 1.4, 1.5, 1.6, and 1.7, reversing all the changes done, along with old parts from 0.13.3.

This update is "The Great Reorganizing", and every part has been modified. Using the original files from the version the part came from, I have renamed and ported each file. Rather than using the 'x Classic' and 'x Classic Classic' naming scheme, where each part has a number of 'Classic' suffixes based off of the part's age, I know name the version each part came from. So the 0.13.3 LV-T45 is called the 'LV-T45 Liquid Fuel Engine (0.13.3)' rather than the 'LV-T45 Liquid Fuel Engine Classic'. This is very helpful for parts like the Mk1 Command Pod which have many Classic editions from different versions.

Temporarily, until I can get the biggest update yet, adding every classic part between 0.17-1.1 ready, which will be a couple of days, (it will also include select parts from earlier builds, as I should be able to recover some parts from 0.16 and 0.15 using files from 0.17.) I have removed some parts, like the plane cockpits from earlier versions, as I need to set up an old hard disk to access all my old versions so I can work out which versions they came from. Most of the mod is still included, but if you really need the missing parts and can't wait a couple of days then you may want to stick with 0.8.2, which is still fully functional.
======================================================================================================================Older versions of OldPartsRedux had this for a read me:

Hello! Thank you for downloading my mod, I hope you enjoy it. This is only an Beta build, but it should be fully functional. This mod reimpliments old parts that have been removed, changed, or nerfed. Currently, it includeds a config that reimpliments the parts from 0.13.3, and includes a config which reimpliments all the parts that were removed, replaced, modified or nerfed in 1.4. To install the mod, simply open the .zip file, and extract the config you want directly into your GameData folder.